v5.28 Changelog (#3906)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

Also see [changelog in progress](http://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the next release.

## Release v5.28 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

**Release day: 2020-10-16**

### Compatibility
 - PostgreSQL ended long-term support for [version 9.4 in February 2020](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning). Mattermost is officially supporting PostgreSQL version 10 with v5.26 release as PostgreSQL 9.4 is no longer supported. New installs will require PostgreSQL 10+. Previous Mattermost versions, including our current ESR, will continue to be compatible with PostgreSQL 9.4. We plan on fully deprecating PostgreSQL 9.4 In our v5.30 release (December 16). Please follow the instructions under the Upgrading Section within [the PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/).
 - Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html) (ESR) 5.19 has come to the end of its lifecycle. Upgrading to server v5.25 or later is required.

>  - TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1 have been deprecated by browser vendors. Starting in v5.31 (January 16th) Mattermost servers will return an error for these TLS versions and System Admins will need to explicitly add these versions in their configuration to continue to use them. We recommend upgrading to TLS version 1.2 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1 have been deprecated by browser vendors. Starting in v5.31 (January 16th) mmctl will return an error when connected to Mattermost servers deployed with these TLS versions and System admins will need to explicitly add a flag in their commands to continue to use them. We recommend upgrading to TLS version 1.2 or higher.
```

Reviewer: @amyblais some edits from the developer.  Thank you!

Also see [changelog in progress](http://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the next release.

## Release v5.28 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

**Release day: 2020-10-16**

### Compatibility
 - PostgreSQL ended long-term support for [version 9.4 in February 2020](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning). Mattermost is officially supporting PostgreSQL version 10 with v5.26 release as PostgreSQL 9.4 is no longer supported. New installs will require PostgreSQL 10+. Previous Mattermost versions, including our current ESR, will continue to be compatible with PostgreSQL 9.4. We plan on fully deprecating PostgreSQL 9.4 In our v5.30 release (December 16). Please follow the instructions under the Upgrading Section within [the PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/).
 - Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html) (ESR) 5.19 has come to the end of its lifecycle. Upgrading to server v5.25 or later is required.

> 

Reviewer: Please add

 - TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1 have been deprecated by browser vendors. Starting in v5.31 (January 16th) Mattermost servers will return an error for these TLS versions and System admins will need to explicitly add these versions in their configuration to continue to use them (see [ticket](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-28592)).  We recommend upgrading to TLS version 1.2 or higher.

### Breaking Changes
 - Now when the service crashes, it will generate a coredump instead of just dumping the stack trace to the console. This allows us to preserve the full information of the crash to help with debugging it. For more information about coredumps, please see: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/core.5.html.  

**IMPORTANT:** If you upgrade from a release earlier than 5.27, please read the other [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/important-upgrade-notes.html).

### Highlights

#### New admin roles to delegate administration tasks to other types of administrators (E20)
 - New admin roles are additional system roles that have access to designated areas of the System Console. This enables you to delegate certain administrative tasks to other members of your organization.

#### Certificate-based authentication with AD/LDAP (E10)

>  - You can now improve the security of your AD/LDAP authentication with certificate-based  AD/LDAP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - You can now improve the security of your AD/LDAP authentication with certificate-based AD/LDAP authentication.
```

 - ``Select Team`` list container now scales in width based on browser window width.
 - Added support for signaling login to other tabs (Windows, macOS and Linux browsers).

#### Search
 - Added wildcard support to Bleve.
 - Search terms including stopwords now return matching stopwords instead of an empty result.
 - Removed duplication in ``is_or_search`` and ``IncludeDeletedChannels`` parameters for search.
 - ``*`` characters are now filtered from the search terms in the database.
 - Fixed inconsistencies across product when using ``in:@` / `in:``, such as displaying Direct and Group Messages in ``in:@`` search suggestions.

#### Notifications
 - Added an option in the **Account Settings** to select different desktop notification sounds.

#### Command Line Interface (CLI)
 - Added ``config migrate``, ``config subpath``, ``user delete``, ``integrity``, ``user migrate_auth``, ``moveChannel``, ``updateChannelPrivacy``, ``restoreTeam``, ``channel delete``, and plugin marketplace commands to mmctl.
 
#### Plugins
 - Plugins now start concurrently on server startup.
 - Plugin tooltips are now only rendered when user hovers over a link.

>  - Added a ``CreateCommand`` plugin API that creates a slash command that is not handled by the plugin itself.

Reviewer 2: @cpoile Should we also include ListCommands, etc. in here?  https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/31ed3b8a3eb003fc77c8bbcabf60d244c297beb5/plugin/api.go#L984

 - ``EnableCustomEmoji``, ``EnableGifPicker``, ``ExperimentalViewArchivedChannels`` and ``ExperimentalTimezone`` are now enabled by default for new installs.

### Open Source Components
 - Added ``react-is`` and ``tinycolor2`` to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp.
 - Removed ``@types/highlight.js``, ``@typescript-eslint/parser``, ``bootstrap-colorpicker``, and ``intl`` from https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp.
 - Removed ``react-native-v8`` from https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile.

### Database Changes

### API Changes

### Websocket Event Changes
 
### Known Issues
 - Emoji counter in the center channel doesn't always update immediately when a reaction is added in the right-hand side.
 - Pressing **Enter** closes the Account Settings Edit modal when adjusting the settings for desktop notification sound.
 - Admin Filter option is not disabled in AD/LDAP page for admin roles with ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission.

>  - Twitter link previews do not work in Mattermost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Twitter link previews no longer work in Mattermost because Twitter has removed OpenGraph data from it's pages
```

 - Added support for signaling login to other tabs (Windows, macOS and Linux browsers).

#### Search
 - Added wildcard support to Bleve.
 - Search terms including stopwords now return matching stopwords instead of an empty result.
 - Removed duplication in ``is_or_search`` and ``IncludeDeletedChannels`` parameters for search.
 - ``*`` characters are now filtered from the search terms in the database.
 - Fixed inconsistencies across product when using ``in:@` / `in:``, such as displaying Direct and Group Messages in ``in:@`` search suggestions.

#### Notifications
 - Added an option in the **Account Settings** to select different desktop notification sounds.

#### Command Line Interface (CLI)
 - Added ``config migrate``, ``config subpath``, ``user delete``, ``integrity``, ``user migrate_auth``, ``moveChannel``, ``updateChannelPrivacy``, ``restoreTeam``, ``channel delete``, and plugin marketplace commands to mmctl.
 
#### Plugins
 - Plugins now start concurrently on server startup.
 - Plugin tooltips are now only rendered when user hovers over a link.
 - Added a ``CreateCommand`` plugin API that creates a slash command that is not handled by the plugin itself.
 
#### Administration

>  - Added the ability to download Compliance files from the System Console.

Reviewer: This was reverted from the release.

 - Added the ability to upload and remove private and public certicates for LDAP authentication.
 - Added support for resumable file uploads.
 - Added the ability to convert a public channel to private and vice versa via Advanced Permissions.
 - Added filters to search teams in Teams page.

>  - Added filters to user removal modal in Users page.

Reviewer: @amyblais Can you link a PR or a ticket for this one. I am not sure what this means.

Author: Removed as I couldn't find it now.

 - Fixed an issue where ``GetPluginStatus`` didn't work in a non-cluster environment.

### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to `config.json`. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in `config.json`, or the System Console when available.

#### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:
 - Under ``LdapSettings`` in ``config.json``:
     - Added ``PublicCertificateFile``, to be able to upload the public certificate to be used for encryption with SAML configuration.
     - Added ``PrivateKeyFile`` to be able to upload the private key to be used for encryption with SAML configuration.
 - Under ``ServiceSettings`` in ``config.json``:
     - Added ``EnableAPIChannelDeletion``, to permanently delete channels for compliance reasons.
     - Added ``EnableAPIUserDeletion``, to permanently delete users for compliance reasons.
 - Under ``NotificationLogSettings`` and ``ExperimentalAuditSettings`` in ``config.json``:
     - Added ``AdvancedLoggingConfig``, to enable configuration options for setting audit targets.
 - Under ``AnnouncementSettings`` in ``config.json``:

>      - Added ``AdminNoticesEnabled``, ``UserNoticesEnabled``, ``NoticesURL``, ``NoticesFetchFrequency``, and ``NoticesSkipCache``, to enable in-product notices to make users and Admins aware of the newest product enhancements from within Mattermost.

Reviewer 3: We do not need to add these to the changelog since they are only for internal testing

AnnouncementSettings.NoticesURL
AnnouncementSettings.NoticesFetchFrequency
AnnouncementSettings.NoticesSkipCache

Reviewer 3: @amyblais ^
